Is this report wrong?
How could I be so careful to get pregnant?
What should I do?
I'm not ready yet.
Abort the child
This is my first child.
I can't do without him
Go to Lin Feng
He's the father.
He must take responsibility for it.
Doctor, save someone, doctor
Li Yifeng
What's he doing here?
He's still holding that woman
Are they really together?
scum
I am pregnant with your child
You're still messing around with other women
Thankfully, I was worried about you.
I came to see you when I found out you were sick
How could you do this to me?
You don't deserve to be the father of my child
You don't deserve to know that this child exists
Hey, doctor
Is he ok?
The woman's injuries are not serious
I've finished dealing with it, you can go in and have a look.
Li Feng
I'm actually looking for this
We met your brother-in-law
He guessed that you would come to this hospital
Li Feng, are you still human?
Not only do you take Tongtong out of your hukou so that he can't go to school
Now you're actually sending your brother-in-law into an orange
You're a monster